#summary How to get involved in this project.

The development of this application has started *months ago* and we work on this project on a *voluntary* basis on our *free* time.

This project allows us to satisfy our curiosity as a developer, to help the users and to highlight the capabilities of the Android platform.

= How can you help? =

 * As a *user*, you can report a problem or ask for a new feature [http://code.google.com/p/montrealtransit-for-android/issues/entry here].

 * As a *user*, you can look at the list of [http://code.google.com/p/montrealtransit-for-android/issues/list?q=type=Defect known issues] and [http://code.google.com/p/montrealtransit-for-android/issues/list?q=type=Enhancement feature requests] to add your comments.

 * As a *developer* or if you're interested by Android apps development, you can get [http://code.google.com/p/montrealtransit-for-android/source the source code] and start to look at it.
 Then, if you want to fix [http://code.google.com/p/montrealtransit-for-android/issues/list?q=type=Defect an issue] or add a [http://code.google.com/p/montrealtransit-for-android/issues/list?q=type=Enhancement new feature], you should inform us (to avoid working on the same thing unnecessarily).
 When you've made the necessary changes in the source code, you will need to contact us to get write access on the project source code.

 * As a *graphic* artist, you can help us by providing new images for the application.
 You can find existing images [http://code.google.com/p/montrealtransit-for-android/source/browse/#svn/trunk/MonTransit/res/drawable here] and [http://code.google.com/p/montrealtransit-for-android/source/browse/#svn/trunk/MonTransit/res/drawable-hdpi here].

 * As a *wireless carrier* or as an Android *device manufacturer*, you can help us by providing test devices to polish the compatibility of the application with your devices in order to improve your customers experience.
 
_Cette page est également disponible [http://code.google.com/p/montrealtransit-for-android/wiki/GetInvolved?wl=fr en français] mais votre navigateur est configuré pour afficher la version en anglais._
